adds faq on .dbt directory (#8110)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_fusion-troubleshooting.md

If you run into any issues, check out the troubleshooting section below.

> <Expandable alt_header="How to create a .dbt directory and move your file">

Reviewer: "Your file" is a little vague.
```suggestion
<Expandable alt_header="How to create a .dbt directory in root and move config files">
```

> If you've never had a `.dbt` directory, you should perform the following recommended steps to create one. If you already have a `.dbt` directory, move the `dbt_cloud.yml` file into it.

Reviewer: Since this is an FAQ, it might benefit us to call out whay this directory wouldn't have been created when they installed dbt - maybe a system setting or something during setup that blocked it? We should also add a quick blurb explaining the purpost of the .dbt directory

Author: i believe if you've not developed locally, you won't have this set up. this is the same process (and faq) for the cloud cli.

<Tabs>
<TabItem value="Create a .dbt directory">

  1. Clone your dbt project repository locally.
  2. Use the `mkdir` command followed by the name of the folder you want to create. Add the `~` prefix to create a `.dbt` folder in the root of your filesystem:

     ```bash

>      mkdir ~/.dbt

Reviewer: I don't think this command will work like this in Windows. The syntax wouldn't be the same

     ```

This will create a `.dbt` folder in the root directory.

> For Mac users, since it's a hidden folder (due to the dot prefix), it won't be visible in Finder by default. To view hidden files and folders, press Command + Shift + G.

Reviewer: This command opens the "Go to Folder" search bar, it's not a shortcut to display hidden folders in the Finder window

> For Mac users, since it's a hidden folder (due to the dot prefix), it won't be visible in Finder by default. To view hidden files and folders, press Command + Shift + G.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Mac users, since it's a hidden folder (due to the `.` prefix), it won't be visible in Finder by default. To view hidden files and folders, press Command + Shift + G.
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Move the dbt_cloud.yml file">

### Mac or Linux

> In your command line, use the `mv` command to move your `dbt_cloud.yml` file into the `.dbt` directory. If you've just downloaded the `dbt_cloud.yml` file and it's in your Downloads folder, the command might look something like this:

Reviewer: This certainly works, but this might be a lot more straightforward to explain the Command + Shift + G command above to open the folder and use drag-and-drop in the Finder UI

```bash
mv ~/Downloads/dbt_cloud.yml ~/.dbt/dbt_cloud.yml
```

### Windows

> In your command line, use the move command. Assuming your file is in the Downloads folder, the command might look like this:

Reviewer: Same feedback here - drag-and-drop in the UI would be a lot faster, especially if their settings place downloads somewhere other than the downloads folder
